Working as a **full stack developer** full-time, I was responsible for the most critical parts of the business, such as developing **new applications from scratch**, actively collaborating with other developers and designers in creating new features and improvements for the system.

Shortly after my full-time hire, I was assigned to **architect and develop a new performance analysis feature for schools**, where it was analyzed if the school was meeting certain indicators to receive government funding. This functionality challenged me to develop creative methods for analyzing these indicators, which enhanced my knowledge of **data structures**, as I had to handle large volumes of data quickly and efficiently.

At the end of 2023, I was challenged to **refactor a critical microservice of the system**, which handled the export of large volumes of data into a single text file for import into a public institution, using government software. The previous application had issues with high resource consumption when generating the final file. Embracing the challenge and my self-taught studies, I decided to redevelop the application in **Rust**, a programming language that interested me due to its innovative approach to resource management and performance, comparable to low-level languages. In the end, I successfully delivered the project, achieving a **memory consumption improvement of up to 100 times**.

In early 2024, the company went through an expansion phase, with the number of clients increasing by up to 10 times. As a result, I and other developers were tasked with optimizing the platform to support this new demand. It was a period of significant learning, where I had to deal with **scalability** and **concurrency** issues in a system that was previously used by only a few clients. I improved my knowledge of **software architecture**, **design patterns**, and **best programming practices**.

In mid-2024, I identified a **bottleneck** in the company's process regarding the time required to onboard new clients, where the data processing time for a new client was very high. I proposed the **complete refactoring of the most essential project for data processing and identification**, which significantly reduced data processing time. This project was architected using **Rust** and the **Tokio** library to handle concurrency efficiently, allowing parallel access to an external API and asynchronous data processing.
